.. _category:

CATEGORY
========

==================================================================================  ===============================================  ===============================================
ID                                                                                  Name                                             Description
==================================================================================  ===============================================  ===============================================
category-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-compute                               Compute                                          Compute
category-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage                          Data Storage                                     Data Storage
category-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment              Instrument & Equipment                           Instrument & Equipment
category-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage                      Material Storage                                 Material Storage
category-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network                               Network                                          Network
category-aggregators_and_integrators-aggregators_and_integrators                    Aggregators & Integrators                        Aggregators & Integrators
category-other-other                                                                Other                                            Other
category-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis                                      Data Analysis                                    Data Analysis
category-processing_and_analysis-data_management                                    Data Management                                  Data Management
category-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis                 Measurement & Materials Analysis                 Measurement & Materials Analysis
category-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services  Operations & Infrastructure Management Services  Operations & Infrastructure Management Services
category-security_and_operations-security_and_identity                              Security & Identity                              Security & Identity
category-sharing_and_discovery-applications                                         Applications                                     Applications
category-sharing_and_discovery-data                                                 Data                                             Data
category-sharing_and_discovery-development_resources                                Development Resources                            Development Resources
category-sharing_and_discovery-samples                                              Samples                                          Samples
category-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication                              Scholarly Communication                          Scholarly Communication
category-sharing_and_discovery-software                                             Software                                         Software
category-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support                               Consultancy & Support                            Consultancy & Support
category-training_and_support-education_and_training                                Education & Training                             Education & Training
==================================================================================  ===============================================  ===============================================