.. _provider_meril_scientific_subdomain:

PROVIDER MERIL SCIENTIFIC SUBDOMAIN
===================================

==========================================================================================================================================================  ====================================================================================  ====================================================================================
ID                                                                                                                                                          Name                                                                                  Description
==========================================================================================================================================================  ====================================================================================  ====================================================================================
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-biological_and_medical_sciences-agronomy_forestry_plant_breeding_centres                                                Agronomy, Forestry, Plant Breeding Centres                                            Agronomy, Forestry, Plant Breeding Centres
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-biological_and_medical_sciences-animal_facilities                                                                       Animal Facilities                                                                     Animal Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-biological_and_medical_sciences-bioinformatics_facilities                                                               Bio-Informatics Facilities                                                            Bio-Informatics Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-biological_and_medical_sciences-biological_biomedical_engineering_and_biotechnology_nanotechnology_research_facilities  Biological/Biomedical Engineering & Biotechnology/Nanotechnology Research Facilities  Biological/Biomedical Engineering & Biotechnology/Nanotechnology Research Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-biological_and_medical_sciences-biomedical_imaging_facilities                                                           Biomedical Imaging Facilities                                                         Biomedical Imaging Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-biological_and_medical_sciences-cell_culture_facilities                                                                 Cell Culture Facilities                                                               Cell Culture Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-biological_and_medical_sciences-clinical_research_centres                                                               Clinical Research Centres                                                             Clinical Research Centres
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-biological_and_medical_sciences-collections_of_biological_resources                                                     Collections of Biological Resources                                                   Collections of Biological Resources
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-biological_and_medical_sciences-environmental_health_research_facilities                                                Environmental Health Research Facilities                                              Environmental Health Research Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-biological_and_medical_sciences-genomic_transcriptomic_proteomics_and_metabolomics_facilities                           Genomic, Transcriptomic, Proteomics and Metabolomics Facilities                       Genomic, Transcriptomic, Proteomics and Metabolomics Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-biological_and_medical_sciences-other_biological_and_medical_sciences                                                   Other                                                                                 Other
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-biological_and_medical_sciences-structural_biology_facilities                                                           Structural Biology Facilities                                                         Structural Biology Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-biological_and_medical_sciences-systems_biology_computational_biology_facilities                                        Systems Biology/Computational Biology Facilities                                      Systems Biology/Computational Biology Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-biological_and_medical_sciences-telemedicine_laboratories_and_ehealth_technologies                                      Telemedicine Laboratories & E-Health Technologies                                     Telemedicine Laboratories & E-Health Technologies
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-biological_and_medical_sciences-translational_research_centres                                                          Translational Research Centres                                                        Translational Research Centres
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-chemistry_and_material_sciences-analytical_facilities                                                                   Analytical Facilities                                                                 Analytical Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-chemistry_and_material_sciences-chemical_libraries_and_screening_facilities                                             Chemical Libraries & Screening Facilities                                             Chemical Libraries & Screening Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-chemistry_and_material_sciences-intense_light_sources                                                                   Intense Light Sources                                                                 Intense Light Sources
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-chemistry_and_material_sciences-intense_neutron_sources                                                                 Intense Neutron Sources                                                               Intense Neutron Sources
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-chemistry_and_material_sciences-materials_synthesis_or_testing_facilities                                               Materials Synthesis or Testing Facilities                                             Materials Synthesis or Testing Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-chemistry_and_material_sciences-other_chemistry_and_material_sciences                                                   Other                                                                                 Other
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-chemistry_and_material_sciences-pilot_plants_for_process_testing                                                        Pilot Plants for Process Testing                                                      Pilot Plants for Process Testing
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-chemistry_and_material_sciences-reference_material_repositories                                                         Reference Material Repositories                                                       Reference Material Repositories
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-earth_and_environmental_sciences-acoustic_monitoring_stations                                                           Acoustic Monitoring Stations                                                          Acoustic Monitoring Stations
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-earth_and_environmental_sciences-atmospheric_measurement_facilities                                                     Atmospheric Measurement Facilities                                                    Atmospheric Measurement Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-earth_and_environmental_sciences-earth_observation_satellites                                                           Earth Observation Satellites                                                          Earth Observation Satellites
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-earth_and_environmental_sciences-earth_ocean_marine_freshwater_and_atmosphere_data_centres                              Earth, Ocean, Marine, Freshwater, & Atmosphere Data Centres                           Earth, Ocean, Marine, Freshwater, & Atmosphere Data Centres
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-earth_and_environmental_sciences-earthquake_simulation_laboratories                                                     Earthquake Simulation Laboratories                                                    Earthquake Simulation Laboratories
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-earth_and_environmental_sciences-environmental_management_infrastructures                                               Environmental Management Infrastructures                                              Environmental Management Infrastructures
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-earth_and_environmental_sciences-geothermal_research_facilities                                                         Geothermal Research Facilities                                                        Geothermal Research Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-earth_and_environmental_sciences-in_situ_earth_observatories                                                            In Situ Earth Observatories                                                           In Situ Earth Observatories
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-earth_and_environmental_sciences-in_situ_marine_freshwater_observatories                                                In Situ Marine/Freshwater Observatories                                               In Situ Marine/Freshwater Observatories
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-earth_and_environmental_sciences-natural_history_collections                                                            Natural History Collections                                                           Natural History Collections
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-earth_and_environmental_sciences-other_earth_and_environmental_sciences                                                 Other                                                                                 Other
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-earth_and_environmental_sciences-polar_and_cryospheric_research_infrastructures                                         Polar and Cryospheric Research Infrastructures                                        Polar and Cryospheric Research Infrastructures
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-earth_and_environmental_sciences-research_aircraft                                                                      Research Aircraft                                                                     Research Aircraft
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-earth_and_environmental_sciences-solid_earth_observatories                                                              Solid Earth Observatories, including Seismological Monitoring Stations                Solid Earth Observatories, including Seismological Monitoring Stations
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_energy-aerospace_and_aerodynamics_research_facilities                                                   Aerospace & Aerodynamics Research Facilities                                          Aerospace & Aerodynamics Research Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_energy-civil_engineering_research_infrastructures                                                       Civil Engineering Research Infrastructures                                            Civil Engineering Research Infrastructures
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_energy-electrical_and_optical_engineering_facilities                                                    Electrical & Optical Engineering Facilities                                           Electrical & Optical Engineering Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_energy-energy_engineering_facilities                                                                    Energy Engineering Facilities (non-nuclear)                                           Energy Engineering Facilities (non-nuclear)
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_energy-marine_and_maritime_engineering_facilities                                                       Marine & Maritime Engineering Facilities                                              Marine & Maritime Engineering Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_energy-mechanical_engineering_facilities                                                                Mechanical Engineering Facilities                                                     Mechanical Engineering Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_energy-other_engineering_and_energy                                                                     Other                                                                                 Other
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-humanities_and_arts-collections                                                                                         Collections                                                                           Collections
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-humanities_and_arts-conceptual_models                                                                                   Conceptual Models                                                                     Conceptual Models
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-humanities_and_arts-databases                                                                                           Databases                                                                             Databases
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-humanities_and_arts-other_humanities_and_arts                                                                           Other                                                                                 Other
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-humanities_and_arts-repositories                                                                                        Repositories                                                                          Repositories
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-humanities_and_arts-research_archives                                                                                   Research Archives                                                                     Research Archives
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-humanities_and_arts-research_bibliographies                                                                             Research Bibliographies                                                               Research Bibliographies
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-humanities_and_arts-research_libraries                                                                                  Research Libraries                                                                    Research Libraries
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-information_science_and_technology-centralised_computing_facilities                                                     Centralised Computing Facilities                                                      Centralised Computing Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-information_science_and_technology-communication_networks                                                               Communication Networks                                                                Communication Networks
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-information_science_and_technology-complex_data_facilities                                                              Complex Data Facilities                                                               Complex Data Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-information_science_and_technology-distributed_computing_facilities                                                     Distributed Computing Facilities                                                      Distributed Computing Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-information_science_and_technology-other_information_science_and_technology                                             Other                                                                                 Other
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-information_science_and_technology-software_service_facilities                                                          Software Service Facilities                                                           Software Service Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-other-other                                                                                                             Other                                                                                 Other
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-physics_astronomy_astrophysics_and_mathematics-astro_particle_and_neutrino_detectors_and_observatories                  Astro-Particle & Neutrino Detectors & Observatories                                   Astro-Particle & Neutrino Detectors & Observatories
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-physics_astronomy_astrophysics_and_mathematics-centres_for_advanced_research_in_mathematics                             Centres for Advanced Research in Mathematics                                          Centres for Advanced Research in Mathematics
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-physics_astronomy_astrophysics_and_mathematics-centres_for_development_of_industrial_mathematics                        Centres for Development of Industrial Mathematics                                     Centres for Development of Industrial Mathematics
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-physics_astronomy_astrophysics_and_mathematics-cross_disciplinary_centres_in_mathematics                                Cross-Disciplinary Centres in Mathematics                                             Cross-Disciplinary Centres in Mathematics
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-physics_astronomy_astrophysics_and_mathematics-extreme_conditions_facilities                                            Extreme Conditions Facilities                                                         Extreme Conditions Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-physics_astronomy_astrophysics_and_mathematics-gravitational_wave_detectors_and_observatories                           Gravitational Wave Detectors & Observatories                                          Gravitational Wave Detectors & Observatories
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-physics_astronomy_astrophysics_and_mathematics-high_energy_physics_facilities                                           High Energy Physics Facilities                                                        High Energy Physics Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-physics_astronomy_astrophysics_and_mathematics-mathematics_centres_of_competence                                        Mathematics Centres of Competence                                                     Mathematics Centres of Competence
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-physics_astronomy_astrophysics_and_mathematics-micro_and_nanotechnology_facilities                                      Micro & Nanotechnology Facilities                                                     Micro & Nanotechnology Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-physics_astronomy_astrophysics_and_mathematics-nuclear_research_facilities                                              Nuclear Research Facilities                                                           Nuclear Research Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-physics_astronomy_astrophysics_and_mathematics-other_physics_astronomy_astrophysics_and_mathematics                     Other                                                                                 Other
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-physics_astronomy_astrophysics_and_mathematics-safety_handling_facilities                                               Safety Handling Facilities                                                            Safety Handling Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-physics_astronomy_astrophysics_and_mathematics-space_environment_test_facilities                                        Space Environment Test Facilities                                                     Space Environment Test Facilities
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-physics_astronomy_astrophysics_and_mathematics-telescopes                                                               Telescopes                                                                            Telescopes
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-physics_astronomy_astrophysics_and_mathematics-underground_laboratories                                                 Underground Laboratories                                                              Underground Laboratories
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-social_sciences-data_archives_data_repositories_and_collections                                                         Data Archives, Data Repositories & Collections                                        Data Archives, Data Repositories & Collections
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-social_sciences-data_mining_and_analysis_centres                                                                        Data mining & Analysis (Methodological) Centres, including statistical analysis       Data mining & Analysis (Methodological) Centres, including statistical analysis
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-social_sciences-national_statistical_facilities                                                                         National Statistical Facilities (offices)                                             National Statistical Facilities (offices)
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-social_sciences-other_social_sciences                                                                                   Other                                                                                 Other
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-social_sciences-registers_and_survey_led_studies_databases                                                              Registers & Survey-led Studies/Databases                                              Registers & Survey-led Studies/Databases
provider_meril_scientific_subdomain-social_sciences-research_data_service_facilities                                                                        Research Data Service Facilities                                                      Research Data Service Facilities
==========================================================================================================================================================  ====================================================================================  ====================================================================================