.. _scientific_subdomain:

SCIENTIFIC SUBDOMAIN
====================

=================================================================================================  ================================================  ================================================
ID                                                                                                 Name                                              Description
=================================================================================================  ================================================  ================================================
scientific_subdomain-agricultural_sciences-agricultural_biotechnology                              Agricultural Biotechnology                        Agricultural Biotechnology
scientific_subdomain-agricultural_sciences-agriculture_forestry_and_fisheries                      Agriculture, Forestry & Fisheries                 Agriculture, Forestry & Fisheries
scientific_subdomain-agricultural_sciences-animal_and_dairy_sciences                               Animal & Dairy Sciences                           Animal & Dairy Sciences
scientific_subdomain-agricultural_sciences-other_agricultural_sciences                             Other Agricultural Sciences                       Other Agricultural Sciences
scientific_subdomain-agricultural_sciences-veterinary_sciences                                     Veterinary Sciences                               Veterinary Sciences
scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_technology-chemical_engineering                               Chemical Engineering                              Chemical Engineering
scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_technology-civil_engineering                                  Civil Engineering                                 Civil Engineering
scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_technology-electrical_electronic_and_information_engineering  Electrical, Electronic & Information Engineering  Electrical, Electronic & Information Engineering
scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_technology-environmental_biotechnology                        Environmental Biotechnology                       Environmental Biotechnology
scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_technology-environmental_engineering                          Environmental Engineering                         Environmental Engineering
scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_technology-industrial_biotechnology                           Industrial Biotechnology                          Industrial Biotechnology
scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_technology-materials_engineering                              Materials Engineering                             Materials Engineering
scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_technology-mechanical_engineering                             Mechanical Engineering                            Mechanical Engineering
scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_technology-medical_engineering                                Medical Engineering                               Medical Engineering
scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_technology-nanotechnology                                     Nanotechnology                                    Nanotechnology
scientific_subdomain-engineering_and_technology-other_engineering_and_technology_sciences          Other Engineering & Technology Sciences           Other Engineering & Technology Sciences
scientific_subdomain-generic-generic                                                               Generic                                           Generic
scientific_subdomain-humanities-arts                                                               Arts                                              Arts
scientific_subdomain-humanities-history_and_archaeology                                            History & Archaeology                             History & Archaeology
scientific_subdomain-humanities-languages_and_literature                                           Languages & Literature                            Languages & Literature
scientific_subdomain-humanities-other_humanities                                                   Other Humanities                                  Other Humanities
scientific_subdomain-humanities-philosophy_ethics_and_religion                                     Philosophy, Ethics & Religion                     Philosophy, Ethics & Religion
scientific_subdomain-medical_and_health_sciences-basic_medicine                                    Basic Medicine                                    Basic Medicine
scientific_subdomain-medical_and_health_sciences-clinical_medicine                                 Clinical Medicine                                 Clinical Medicine
scientific_subdomain-medical_and_health_sciences-health_sciences                                   Health Sciences                                   Health Sciences
scientific_subdomain-medical_and_health_sciences-medical_biotechnology                             Medical Biotechnology                             Medical Biotechnology
scientific_subdomain-medical_and_health_sciences-other_medical_sciences                            Other Medical Sciences                            Other Medical Sciences
scientific_subdomain-natural_sciences-biological_sciences                                          Biological Sciences                               Biological Sciences
scientific_subdomain-natural_sciences-chemical_sciences                                            Chemical Sciences                                 Chemical Sciences
scientific_subdomain-natural_sciences-computer_and_information_sciences                            Computer & Information Sciences                   Computer & Information Sciences
scientific_subdomain-natural_sciences-earth_and_related_environmental_sciences                     Earth & Related Environmental Sciences            Earth & Related Environmental Sciences
scientific_subdomain-natural_sciences-mathematics                                                  Mathematics                                       Mathematics
scientific_subdomain-natural_sciences-other_natural_sciences                                       Other Natural Sciences                            Other Natural Sciences
scientific_subdomain-natural_sciences-physical_sciences                                            Physical Sciences                                 Physical Sciences
scientific_subdomain-other-other                                                                   Other                                             Other
scientific_subdomain-social_sciences-economics_and_business                                        Economics & Business                              Economics & Business
scientific_subdomain-social_sciences-educational_sciences                                          Educational Sciences                              Educational Sciences
scientific_subdomain-social_sciences-law                                                           Law                                               Law
scientific_subdomain-social_sciences-media_and_communications                                      Media & Communications                            Media & Communications
scientific_subdomain-social_sciences-other_social_sciences                                         Other Social Sciences                             Other Social Sciences
scientific_subdomain-social_sciences-political_sciences                                            Political Sciences                                Political Sciences
scientific_subdomain-social_sciences-psychology                                                    Psychology                                        Psychology
scientific_subdomain-social_sciences-social_and_economic_geography                                 Social & Economic Geography                       Social & Economic Geography
scientific_subdomain-social_sciences-sociology                                                     Sociology                                         Sociology
=================================================================================================  ================================================  ================================================