.. _subcategory:

SUBCATEGORY
===========

========================================================================================================  ==================================  ==================================
ID                                                                                                        Name                                Description
========================================================================================================  ==================================  ==================================
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-compute-container_management                             Container Management                Container Management
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-compute-job_execution                                    Job Execution                       Job Execution
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-compute-orchestration                                    Orchestration                       Orchestration
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-compute-other                                            Other                               Other
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-compute-serverless_applications_repository               Serverless Applications Repository  Serverless Applications Repository
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-compute-virtual_machine_management                       Virtual Machine Management          Virtual Machine Management
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-compute-workload_management                              Workload Management                 Workload Management
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-archive                                     Archive                             Archive
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-backup                                      Backup                              Backup
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-data                                        Data                                Data
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-digital_preservation                        Digital Preservation                Digital Preservation
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-disk                                        Disk                                Disk
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-file                                        File                                File
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-online                                      Online                              Online
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-other                                       Other                               Other
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-queue                                       Queue                               Queue
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-recovery                                    Recovery                            Recovery
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-replicated                                  Replicated                          Replicated
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-data_storage-synchronised                                Synchronised                        Synchronised
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-chromatographer                 Chromatographer                     Chromatographer
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-cytometer                       Cytometer                           Cytometer
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-digitisation_equipment          Digitisation Equipment              Digitisation Equipment
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-geophysical                     Geophysical                         Geophysical
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-laser                           Laser                               Laser
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-microscopy                      Microscopy                          Microscopy
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-monument_maintenance_equipment  Monument Maintenance Equipment      Monument Maintenance Equipment
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-other                           Other                               Other
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-radiation                       Radiation                           Radiation
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-spectrometer                    Spectrometer                        Spectrometer
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-instrument_and_equipment-spectrophotometer               Spectrophotometer                   Spectrophotometer
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-archiving                               Archiving                           Archiving
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-assembly                                Assembly                            Assembly
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-disposal                                Disposal                            Disposal
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-fulfilment                              Fulfilment                          Fulfilment
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-other                                   Other                               Other
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-packaging                               Packaging                           Packaging
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-preservation                            Preservation                        Preservation
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-quality_inspecting                      Quality Inspecting                  Quality Inspecting
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-repository                              Repository                          Repository
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-reworking                               Reworking                           Reworking
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-sorting                                 Sorting                             Sorting
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-material_storage-warehousing                             Warehousing                         Warehousing
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-content_delivery_network                         Content Delivery Network            Content Delivery Network
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-direct_connect                                   Direct Connect                      Direct Connect
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-dns                                              DNS                                 DNS
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-exchange                                         Exchange                            Exchange
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-load_balancer                                    Load Balancer                       Load Balancer
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-other                                            Other                               Other
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-traffic_manager                                  Traffic Manager                     Traffic Manager
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-virtual_nework                                   Virtual Network                     Virtual Network
subcategory-access_physical_and_eInfrastructures-network-vpn_gateway                                      VPN Gateway                         VPN Gateway
subcategory-aggregators_and_integrators-aggregators_and_integrators-applications                          Applications                        Applications
subcategory-aggregators_and_integrators-aggregators_and_integrators-data                                  Data                                Data
subcategory-aggregators_and_integrators-aggregators_and_integrators-other                                 Other                               Other
subcategory-aggregators_and_integrators-aggregators_and_integrators-services                              Services                            Services
subcategory-aggregators_and_integrators-aggregators_and_integrators-software                              Software                            Software
subcategory-other-other-other                                                                             Other                               Other
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-2d_3d_digitisation                                      2D/3D Digitisation                  2D/3D Digitisation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-artificial_intelligence                                 Artificial Intelligence             Artificial Intelligence
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-data_extrapolation                                      Data Extrapolation                  Data Extrapolation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-forecast                                                Forecast                            Forecast
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-image_data_analysis                                     Image/Data Analysis                 Image/Data Analysis
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-machine_learning                                        Machine Learning                    Machine Learning
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-other                                                   Other                               Other
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-quality_assesment                                       Quality Assesment                   Quality Assesment
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-visualization                                           Visualization                       Visualization
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_analysis-workflows                                               Workflows                           Workflows
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-access                                                Access                              Access
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-annotation                                            Annotation                          Annotation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-anonymisation                                         Anonymisation                       Anonymisation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-brokering                                             Brokering                           Brokering
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-digitisation                                          Digitisation                        Digitisation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-discovery                                             Discovery                           Discovery
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-embargo                                               Embargo                             Embargo
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-interlinking                                          Interlinking                        Interlinking
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-maintenance                                           Maintenance                         Maintenance
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-mining                                                Mining                              Mining
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-other                                                 Other                               Other
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-persistent_identifier                                 Persistent Identifier               Persistent Identifier
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-preservation                                          Preservation                        Preservation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-publishing                                            Publishing                          Publishing
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-registration                                          Registration                        Registration
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-transfer                                              Transfer                            Transfer
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-data_management-validation                                            Validation                          Validation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis-analysis                           Analysis                            Analysis
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis-characterisation                   Characterisation                    Characterisation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis-maintenance_and_modification       Maintenance & Modification          Maintenance & Modification
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis-other                              Other                               Other
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis-production                         Production                          Production
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis-testing_and_validation             TEsting & Validation                TEsting & Validation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis-validation                         Validation                          Validation
subcategory-processing_and_analysis-measurement_and_materials_analysis-workflows                          Workflows                           Workflows
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-accounting          Accounting                          Accounting
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-analysis            Analysis                            Analysis
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-billing             Billing                             Billing
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-configuration       Configuration                       Configuration
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-coordination        Coordination                        Coordination
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-helpdesk            Helpdesk                            Helpdesk
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-monitoring          Monitoring                          Monitoring
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-order_management    Order Management                    Order Management
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-other               Other                               Other
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-transportation      Transportation                      Transportation
subcategory-security_and_operations-operations_and_infrastructure_management_services-utilities           Utilities                           Utilities
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-certification_authority                         Certification Authority             Certification Authority
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-coordination                                    Coordination                        Coordination
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-firewall                                        Firewall                            Firewall
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-group_management                                Group Management                    Group Management
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-identity_and_access_management                  Identity & Access Management        Identity & Access Management
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-other                                           Other                               Other
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-single_sign_on                                  Single Sign-On                      Single Sign-On
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-threat_protection                               Threat Protection                   Threat Protection
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-tools                                           Tools                               Tools
subcategory-security_and_operations-security_and_identity-user_authentication                             User Authentication                 User Authentication
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-applications_repository                                    Applications Repository             Applications Repository
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-business                                                   Business                            Business
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-collaboration                                              Collaboration                       Collaboration
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-communication                                              Communication                       Communication
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-education                                                  Education                           Education
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-other                                                      Other                               Other
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-productivity                                               Productivity                        Productivity
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-social_networking                                          Social/Networking                   Social/Networking
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-applications-utilities                                                  Utilities                           Utilities
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-clinical_trial_data                                                Clinical Trial Data                 Clinical Trial Data
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-data_archives                                                      Data Archives                       Data Archives
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-epidemiological_data                                               Epidemiological Data                Epidemiological Data
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-government_and_agency_data                                         Government & Agency Data            Government & Agency Data
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-metadata                                                           Metadata                            Metadata
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-online_service_data                                                Online Service Data                 Online Service Data
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-other                                                              Other                               Other
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-scientific_research_data                                           Scientific/Research Data            Scientific/Research Data
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-data-statistical_data                                                   Statistical Data                    Statistical Data
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-development_resources-apis_repository_gateway                           APIs Repository/Gateway             APIs Repository/Gateway
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-development_resources-developer_tools                                   Developer Tools                     Developer Tools
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-development_resources-other                                             Other                               Other
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-development_resources-simulation_tools                                  Simulation Tools                    Simulation Tools
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-development_resources-software_development_kits                         Software Development Kits           Software Development Kits
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-development_resources-software_libraries                                Software Libraries                  Software Libraries
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-samples-biological_samples                                              Biological Samples                  Biological Samples
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-samples-characterisation                                                Characterisation                    Characterisation
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-samples-chemical_compounds_library                                      Chemical Compounds Library          Chemical Compounds Library
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-samples-other                                                           Other                               Other
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-samples-preparation                                                     Preparation                         Preparation
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication-analysis                                        Analysis                            Analysis
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication-assessment                                      Assessment                          Assessment
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication-discovery                                       Discovery                           Discovery
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication-other                                           Other                               Other
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication-outreach                                        Outreach                            Outreach
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication-preparation                                     Preparation                         Preparation
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication-publication                                     Publication                         Publication
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-scholarly_communication-writing                                         Writing                             Writing
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-software-libraries                                                      Libraries                           Libraries
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-software-other                                                          Other                               Other
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-software-platform                                                       Platform                            Platform
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-software-software_package                                               Software Package                    Software Package
subcategory-sharing_and_discovery-software-software_repository                                            Software Repository                 Software Repository
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-application_optimisation                         Application Optimisation            Application Optimisation
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-application_porting                              Application_Porting                 Application_Porting
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-application_scaling                              Application Scaling                 Application Scaling
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-audit_and_assessment                             Audit & Assessment                  Audit & Assessment
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-benchmarking                                     Benchmarking                        Benchmarking
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-calibration                                      Calibration                         Calibration
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-certification                                    Certification                       Certification
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-consulting                                       Consulting                          Consulting
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-methodology_development                          Methodology Development             Methodology Development
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-modeling_and_simulation                          Modeling & Simulation               Modeling & Simulation
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-other                                            Other                               Other
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-prototype_development                            Prototype Development               Prototype Development
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-software_development                             Software Development                Software Development
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-software_improvement                             Software Improvement                Software Improvement
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-technology_transfer                              Technology Transfer                 Technology Transfer
subcategory-training_and_support-consultancy_and_support-testing                                          Testing                             Testing
subcategory-training_and_support-education_and_training-in_house_courses                                  In-House Courses                    In-House Courses
subcategory-training_and_support-education_and_training-online_courses                                    Online Courses                      Online Courses
subcategory-training_and_support-education_and_training-open_registration_courses                         Open Registration Courses           Open Registration Courses
subcategory-training_and_support-education_and_training-other                                             Other                               Other
subcategory-training_and_support-education_and_training-related_training                                  Related Training                    Related Training
subcategory-training_and_support-education_and_training-required_training                                 Required Training                   Required Training
subcategory-training_and_support-education_and_training-training_platform                                 Training Platform                   Training Platform
subcategory-training_and_support-education_and_training-training_tool                                     Training Tool                       Training Tool
========================================================================================================  ==================================  ==================================